12. MOBILEHOME AND SPACE MAINTENANCE. Each resident shall, during his or her tenancy and/or upon the sale of his or her mobilehome, be required to maintain the exterior of his or her mobilehome and his or her space in compliance with these Rules, the other residency documents and all applicable laws.
   1. Only outdoor furniture and barbecues approved by management, in advance and in writing, may be placed or used on any resident's patio, porch, deck, including awning enclosures, yard, or other portions of the space. Such approval shall not be unreasonably withheld.
   2. No towels, rugs, clothing or other materials of any description may be hung in public view outside of any resident's mobilehome at any time.
   3. Dangerous Materials and Hazardous Wastes: Any material or substance that creates a threat to health and safety, threatens damage to property or induces or harbors, or may tend to induce or harbor, offensive odors, infectious plant disease and/or noxious insects, rodents or reptiles is strictly prohibited. No flammable, combustible, explosive or environmentally hazardous fluids, materials, chemicals or substances may be stored on any resident's space {except those customarily used for normal household purposes, so long as they are in quantities customarily used for normal household purposes). No resident may keep in his or her mobilehome, on his or her space, in a shed or elsewhere in Creekside any hazardous materials in excess of the quantities customarily used for normal household purposes. Additionally, no resident may engage in any activity in Creekside that causes an environmental hazard or violates any law relating to environmental protection, hazards or similar laws. This includes, but is not limited to, changing the oil in any motor vehicle in any common area of Creekside. In addition, no resident may allow any environmentally hazardous grease, or any substance defined as environmentally hazardous, to be placed on any surface in Creekside or disposed of anywhere in Creekside, including, but not limited to, trash cans, trash bins, surface areas, the sewage disposal system, or any other trash, garbage or disposal area in Creekside. Such substances must be physically removed from Creekside and disposed of elsewhere in compliance with all applicable laws. In addition to any other remedies allowed by law, any resident who engages in any environmentally hazardous activity in Creekside shall indemnify and hold Creekside harmless from liability for such activity, including any compensatory damages, statutory damages, punitive damages and attorney's fees incurred by Creekside as a result of such activity.
   4. Exterior Painting: The exterior paint on all residents' mobilehomes, accessory structures and equipment shall be properly maintained. Proper maintenance shall include, but not be limited to, repainting whenever the paint begins to fade, peel, flake, chip or deteriorate in any manner that detracts from the aesthetics of Creekside. Spray painting may only be performed by a licensed painter. All colors must be approved by management, in advance and in writing.
   5. Damage: If any portion of the exterior of any mobilehome, accessory structure or equipment, or the space itself, is damaged, the damage must be repaired or replaced within thirty {30) days of receipt of notice thereof. This includes, but is not limited to, damage to the siding, awning supports, downspouts, skirting, porch or shed(s).
   6. Concrete: All concrete, asphalt and other surfaces shall be kept clean and maintained free of oil and all other sticky or oily substances.
   7. Utility Pedestals: The utility pedestals at each space must be accessible at all times. No structures may be installed and no shrubbery may be planted that would obstruct the utility pedestals so as to impede the reading thereof. If one of Creekside's utility shut-off valves is located on resident's space, it must be kept uncovered and accessible at all times. No resident shall connect, except through existing electrical or natural gas outlets or water pipes on the space, any apparatus or device for the purpose of using electricity, natural gas or water.
   8. Licenses: All mobilehomes in Creekside must bear current registrations issued by the appropriate government agency.
   9. Maintenance Charges for Premises Cleanup: Prior to resale, or at any time during resident's tenancy, Creekside may conduct a survey of the exterior of resident's mobilehome and the space for compliance with these mobilehome and space maintenance standards. Creekside may require the mobilehome and space to be brought into compliance with these standards by giving resident a fourteen (14) day notice pursuant to Civil Code Section 798.36(a), as it may be revised from time to time, or a seven (7) day notice pursuant to Civil Code Section 798.56{d), as it may be revised from time to time. Should resident fail to perform the maintenance specified in the notice within fourteen (14) days, Creekside will arrange for the maintenance to be performed and resident will be required by Section 798.36(a) to reimburse Creekside for the cost thereof. Repeated non-compliance with this rule may result in service of multiple seven (7) day notices as provided in Section 798.56(d), and may lead to termination of tenancy. Creekside encourages all residents to be responsive to management's verbal and written compliance requests, so more serious consequences may be avoided.
   10. All mobilehomes and spaces shall have approved awnings on their carports and side patios, skirting to match and landscaping. Spaces with special circumstances will be evaluated individually. In addition, residents may have fixtures such as sheds, cabanas, room additions, porches, patios, decks and fences, so long as such fixtures are approved by management, in advance and in writing. The mobilehome and fixtures shall be maintained in good condition at all times.
   11. A maximum of two (2) sheds, not to exceed a total of one hundred twenty (120} square feet in area and eight (8) feet in height, will be permitted. Such sheds must be constructed of aluminum or hardboard siding and their design and appearance must be approved by management, in advance and in writing. Sheds shall be located at the rear of the space, on the carport side of the mobilehome. Spaces with special circumstances will be evaluated individually.  Room additions, gazebos and enclosed porch rooms, if they are approved by management, in advance and in writing, and/or permitted by the appropriate government agency, must be sided and skirted to match the mobilehome and awnings.
12.  Simulated masonry and other artificial materials will not be permitted.
13. All structures and alterations to spaces must be approved by management, in writing, before installation. Permits, when required, must be obtained from the appropriate government agency. Management approval, in advance and in writing, is required for all replacement or additional awnings, porch enclosures, room additions, sheds, porches, patios, decks, ramps and like installations.
14. All entrances to the mobilehome must have permanent steps. All porches and steps must be constructed in compliance with state law as specified in Title 25, Chapter 2, of the California Code of Regulations. A copy is available in the office for review. Porches and steps constructed of aluminum or plywood must be carpeted and maintained in good repair. Porches and steps made of wood planking need not be carpeted. Staining or painting is recommended.
15. All mobilehomes, materials and structures must be coordinated with compatible colors.
16. Important: The body and trim of the mobilehome, or any other fixture or structure on the space, must be painted in muted colors approved by management, in writing, prior to the commencement of painting. Mobilehomes may be repainted to their original color without approval from management. Color charts are available in the office.
17. Air conditioners and water softeners may be installed so long as they are minimally visible to other residents. Air conditioners may not work at every space due to limitations in Creekside's electrical system.
18. Repainting of mobilehomes and repair or replacement of deteriorated porch carpeting, skirting, bent or broken awning columns, awnings, siding, porches, steps, decks, fences and landscaping will be required on a regular basis. Security bars may be affixed to the inside of windows for easy removal in the event of an emergency, and may not be affixed to the outside of the mobilehome.
