16. LANDSCAPING AND MAINTENANCE. Landscaping and maintenance are the keys to creating a better neighborhood, thereby protecting resident's investment in his or her mobilehome and Creekside. Everyone associated with Creekside is committed to taking all reasonable steps to ensure that Creekside remains a beautiful place to live.
   1. Creekside is known throughout the area for the beauty of its grounds and the pride of ownership displayed by Creekside residents. These high standards have been recognized by the Obispo Beautiful Association and Creekside is committed to maintaining and even improving upon these standards.
   2. These standards apply to all mobilehomes in Creekside, and will be reviewed periodically for compliance. Reasonable discretion will be used in determining compliance. All changes to the landscape and hardscape (concrete walks, patios, decks, steps, etc.) must be approved by management, in writing, prior to the commencement of work.
   3. landscaping: Trees and shrubs should be natural and of medium size, possessing no adverse characteristics that could cause damage to the mobilehome, accessories, utilities or streets. Any plants, trees, shrubs or other landscaping possessing such adverse characteristics may be required to be removed and/or trimmed. Resident shall be responsible for such removal and/or trimming, except as specified at Rule 15(f) below and in Civil Code Section 798.37.5. Resident shall also be responsible for any damage or injury caused by his or her failure to care for such landscaping.
   4. All plant materials must be approved by management, in advance and in writing. Approved ground cover shall consist of lawns, natural shrubs and/or bedding plants that do not have control problems like bamboo. Rock may be used as a backdrop or accent to the plant materials, provided it is a natural variety (not dyed or artificially colored) and a type approved by management, in advance and in writing. All landscaping must be weeded, trimmed and otherwise maintained in a neat and attractive state.
   5. Vegetable gardens may be planted so long as they are well maintained and on the rear half of the space. Spaces with special circumstances will be evaluated individually.
   6. Residents are responsible for maintenance of all landscaping on their spaces, with the exception of trees. Responsibility for maintenance and removal of trees shall be determined by Civil Code Section 798.37.5, as it may be revised from time to time.
   7. Irrigation: Drip irrigation is recommended wherever possible for the most efficient use of water. All irrigation should be installed so as not to create excessive run-off onto neighboring spaces or the streets.
   8. Please be mindful of the importance of water conservation. We live in a coastal desert region.
   9. Statuary: Statuary, regardless of size, must be approved by management, in advance and in writing. Painted figures, birdbaths, windmills, sundials and other items may be approved, however management reserves the right to disapprove such items.
   10. IMPORTANT: Landscape plans or sketches will be required for all modifications to the space.
